Added support for Event Handler groups and new CQRS public API (#367)
ThreeDotsLabs/watermill: docs/content/docs/cqrs.md

>
> Source: [www.cqrs.nu FAQ](http://www.cqrs.nu/Faq/command-query-responsibility-segregation)

![CQRS Schema](https://threedots.tech/watermill-io/cqrs-big-picture.svg)

> The `cqrs` component provides some useful abstractions built on top of Pub/Sub and Router that helps to implement CQRS pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cqrs` component provides some useful abstractions built on top of Pub/Sub and Router that help to implement the CQRS pattern.
```

> You don't need to implement entire CQRS. It's very common to just use event part of this component to build event-driven application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to implement the entire CQRS. It's very common to use just the event part of this component to build event-driven applications.
```
